Now which Ionic components can we add?
There are over a hundred of pre-built Ionic components and you find them all in the official Ionic docs.
Now definitely feel free to browse through these docs and play around with them,
you can either do this here on the right where you also have some nice icons showing what this Ionic
does or what it's used for
or just go through these grouped components here on the left.
Now it's impossible to learn them all by heart,
you will learn them automatically by using but use these docs when you're building an app, really do
that.
This is your go-to reference,
it's always up-to-date,
it's directly generated from the source code actually and therefore, this is the place to go.
For example if you inspect that button here, that ion-button, here you even see an example,
a small example,
not every component has this as of now but some components do show you an example for iOS and material
design which is the Android style and you have a description here
on the left and you do have that for all components.
There you learned what this component does, how you use it,
some general or important ways of configuring it, like for example here setting the fill mode to clear
outline or solid to define how the button looks like. You have some usage examples here,
so simply some code examples with some different configurations,
please be aware that you have both Javascript and Angular versions which for this code of course don't
differ though
and then you have a list of all the properties
and this is also generated directly from the source code
and there you see which properties you can set and you can set all these properties also as attributes
on the element therefore and which values you can pass in for every attribute,
so that should be very helpful in using this. You see custom events that are emitted by this component,
so non-default HTML events that are emitted,
we have access to the default ones like click and so on as well,
that is the case for all web components and that will become important later when we dive into styling,
you see which CSS properties you can overwrite for this component to control its look.
So there is a lot of stuff in there,
definitely use these docs.
Now let's use these docs and let's start creating our little budget planner.